What does a guy who's a walking KMAX now in this video we're going to be working on a new section and
that it will be.
Let's see him here.
Let's have the full three here and then here would be deployed.
You guys now know how the blob works.
We now know how it works you can create unlimited buttons.
We now know how Caldwell works.
OK.
And we also have the surface to circle counter so let's add a call to action right now here first.
I'm going to add.
Hello.
OK.
And then I am going to add the button so Button is going to be done one way and then I'm going to add
the concentrate here.
OK.
I'm going to add the link Crais here.
But then you were ill is going to be this right here.
Slap hash Krey and then I have the background so you can add the background if you want to.
And you're going to choose a black and the golden.
So I'm just going to work for the Korean right here.
Here we go.
OK.
So this is looking cool.
This is how the call to action works so you can how cold works and it's Caldwell action is basically
like a slider like a hitter.
OK.
You can pretty well add anything here.
And then you can change these you can add it any way if you want to it can you.
OK you can just go to design right here and then you can go to the x ray here and then you can align
it to the left.
So this is how the call to work is looking OK so this is how you can manage it or you can add this call
to action any way you want to.
OK.
And this is how it works.
I'm going to come here I'm going to make it the full length.
OK.
So when I go to the right here I'm going to go to the sizing and I'm going to make it full with use.
And let's make it one.
OK.
Now let's click this and let's just bring this to the top
Hey seem like this ends like this.
So here we have a called what should I write here.
I'm going to click this guy right here right here again and I'm going to hit regular and I'm going to
click discovery here.
So let's add another.
And that is the circle counter so you guys are you about how circle counters work.
This is all the circle counterweights.
I'm going to add I am the boss OK and I'm going to add anything right here.
I'm going to add that.
How much person walk how much person do I want.
So I'm going to choose it to be 95.
You can see how this is look at.
Ok so I'm going to hit Turei here and then you can see that I'm done still here I'm going to go to scary
here and I'm going to use it to be for it.
You can see four are coming here.
I'm going to triplicated from here to placated duplicated triplicated.
And let's just bring in a trumpet tray here so you can see all these counters are right coming here
as same.
Exactly.
Here we go.
I can get the full If I want to.
OK.
So you can see that.
Now we're also done with the counters as well.
So let's go to the new one.
Let's go to the regular array here.
You can also design this if you want to.
OK.
So let's come here and let's add this right here and here.
We want to add So basically let's come here and let's change the size of it.
OK.
If you guys do not know what you have we just came here to this circle and then you have to go to the
text sizing.
OK.
And then you can choose the bet.
So how you want it to be so you can decrease it increase it the way you want it.
You can choose it and then you can also change the background color of the color color as well.
So
OK you can see this is how the circular color is in the background.
OK.
Like this.
So this is great.
You can also get the full.
So you can see this is how the circle color is coming like here.
So you can also remove full circle color if you want to remove this whole circle.
You can also remove it from here.
Now we have the sizing you can control it.
We have spacing.
We have the water we can also apply the water and the animation as well.
So let's come here and let's basically come here and add the module of the cord.
So you guys already know about how code works.
We have the common Shrake here.
So let's head the comments and you can see these are the comments tray here appearing we have show of
author Avatar sure reply but then show common to count and then we have the from Ray here.
Then we have the admin label.
So this is the design right here.
Let's come here and let's here let's just click here and let's save it.
OK.
So since this is a page we can not break this but you can see that here we can add the common trait
here so Pursell people can comment on here and people can reply here.
And this is how it will work.
So let's see if this is working on the baid section.
If these comments are appearing on the B section so that we can try if this works or not.
OK now this is not coming on this but you can at it you have to just click edit page and then there
is some settings for that.
But this is usually done via the blog post so if you are editing the blog post then you can add that
to comments section OK let's add the discussion right here and allow comments.
It's out of date
OK.
And since this is a page and I would not recommend you to add comments on the page just because garments
are not added in there.
You can see now you can see that this Colman's right coming right like this.
OK.
So this is how it is working.
If I just add any common tray here and I just said submit comment.
You can see this comment will be submitted.
Here we go.
So let's get this guy right here.
And let's save it.
So now we have to work with another one and that will be the regular section.
We have to just click this guy right here and then let's add one more.
So we have to add contact form you already know we have the countdown timer countdown timer.
So is amazing.
So you can do it for sale products like any venue will create e-commerce Web site.
I will show you that how they are so amazing and there is so best so you can just use that.
How much how don't vote.
Laurie you can see this is how I've chosen this date and our will be like how much are we want to our
is 12 hours in minute is this.
This is how the minute to minute is working.
And this is how the countdown timers working that I have seven days left for the sale to end.
So if I am running a sale on my verbiage to get every every order ill be having 25 percent off so I
can throw the counter like that.
So this is this looks also amazing.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to make this throw the full with
the read it.
Safe make it full.
Make this full.
OK.
Let's come here.
Let's bring this and let's bring this right here.
So I'm going to add a new section right here.
Let's have a regular Ron Moore.
Let's head for one.
Let's go down and let's see that what are we left with.
So we have conduct farm counting timer.
There's an e-mail optin.
This is used for the subtribe farm that you can add the MailChimp integration into this.
OK.
So you can select a list you can select the mail provider and then you can select a list.
And this is how this bill works like this.
I will show you how you can Varjak for the MailChimp later on.
And we will be doing that e-mail marketing.
OK.
So let's come here let's just add a full regular Rabbids right now here again and let's have a full
one so I'm going to add right now would be portfolio so we will be looking for it for you in the upcoming
video that we have the gallery right here so you can show that gallery right here if you want to.
OK.
And we'll show you all the all the images that you have right here.
Okay.
So it will show your gallery if you want to show the gallery where you can display the images that how
you want the images to to be displayed.
So you can show five images.
Then you have the elements you can show title and caption If you don't want to show that pagination
You can also hide the page anation as well.
OK let's come here to this camera here and let's use it to be.
Let's come here to the elements.
That's from here to the background and the Edmon level.
You can see everything is looking totally ok.
I'm going to go to the layout right now and you can see this is created.
And the thumbnail orientation is landscape.
I can also shift it to tree and poor grateful be like this.
OK.
Like iPhone mode.
Like phone MORENO-CAMPO not just promoting the iPhone now.
I used to get so many e-mails saying that I always promote iPhone too.
I'm sorry guys if I have done that.
So what I'm going to do Greg Now I want to make this amazing so I'm going to come here to rural setting.
I'm going to go to design right here.
I'm going to go to the alignment sizing and then make it full.
OK.
Also when I go to the custom.
And I'm going to make it fun.
So you can see they are now coming like this.
So this is how it breaking.
You can also equalize column height so it looks amazing.
OK.
Now let's come here and let's hit this and you can see how this is looking.
I'm going to go down right here.
And let's add one more.
So I'm going to add the regular array here.
Let's get a full with.
And let's go down there we have the log in tab.
So this will be four if you want to design your log in page that people can come here.
Log into your website so you can also work with that as well.
OK.
I'm going to come here and here you can see this is the log in user name and password so I can design
this as well if I want to design.
And if the person is logged in then it's just well you can also you have to forget your password also.
This will redirect him to the WP log in that speech be you forget password.
OK.
So you can also work with this.
You can also redirect them redirect to the current page.
Ok then we have the background we have the design right here.
You can also design this as well.
So you guys already know about the designing that how you run the farm field color or background color
and everything and the burden colored as well.
So you can choose Custom style for and I need order really badly.
Well you can see how these icons are coming to get pretty well do that.
I'm just going to click here and I'm going to click here right again.
When I have to click wrigglers I'm going to use the full width right now and I'm going to choose
because I now know about the map we know about the number of counter we gays have to find about the
person.
So you can add the person like you can add a team section in the About section where you can show your
team members OK you can just come here you have to enter the name of the person OK the position he is
the CEO of this and the Facebook profile you were real the Twitter profile Google Plus profiling Lincoln
profile and you can see this is coming right here.
You can also show the description and Ziel or Amaan is the current CEO of this crap company OK.
And I'm just going to come here to the image right here and I need to upload the image.
So I just have one single image that I like the most.
I don't know.
Right but my girlfriend doesn't like it.
OK.
So you can see this is how it is coming.
So you can add this profile if you want to add the person details.
This is how you can add it.
OK.
So I'm like there's some you can go you can make the changes of this you can go to the image right here
and you can see the image border.
You can also just increase the image water with OK.
You can also round the corner.
You can also make this image to the circles.
If I just add 25 or
add five and so you can see this is now turn into circle.
So you can also do it like that if you want to add the art section.
You can just come here and it can sit like this.
So you can see how this is looking like.
So this is now turn into our team section.
I'm going to come here right here and I'm going to go to the image right here and then I can go to the
image border raids.
I'm going to change this to zero.
Now I'm going to go to the X-ray here and I'm going to align this to center so you can see how this
is looking.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to bring.
I'm going to copy.
I'm going to triplicated duplicated triplicated.
OK.
And then I'm going to bring that tray here bring this right here and bring this right here so you can
see I have four team members right here.
I can change him to be manager
watch man and he is sweeper
OK.
I'm going to click save and you can see this is totally done.
So I'm going to come here and I'm going to add a new section right here.
I'm going to click.
Regular.
And now let's get one more.
I'm sorry guys.
I want to drink water.
I'll just do it.
I'm just done with this.
OK.
So you can see that I'm done with the person will be working over the video board for you in the upcoming
video.
We have the most navigation.
This is also great.
OK let's add it.
You can see how this is going to look
premise takes link next Dick's link categories.
Let's select in the same category.
So custom taxonomy name we have to select Uncategorized.
So I'm going to come here and here you can see that we are done with the person right here the portfolio.
And we also are done with the post navigations Let's come here at the post navigation right here and
let's come here to the categories so we need to add the categories right here in the same category.
OK and here would be the taxonomies.
So I want to add the taxonomy name so here would be the Uncategorized
Let's see if this works.
So I don't know why aren't doing this.
Everything gets lost.
And this is just going crazy.
I don't know why this is happening.
This is a bug that he has right now.
So you can are sure the board navigation settings right now.
I hope they just add the update soon.
I don't know why you can see that my pages are unresponsive.
My PC fan is just like.
And it's just like this you can see page and responsa.
So I just have to click extirpate OK let's come here and let's refresh this so on refreshing this you'll
see your below so don't be doing panic OK.
If you are doing side by side to me you have to just click restore and every day will be given back
to you.
OK.
So this is our it is I'm just going to come here and let's add a new section right here.
I want to come here and I wanted to hit this guy right here because it does suck.
So I want to come here and I want to go down and
we have the post later so you guys already knew about how the pull slider works.
We added that in the full post later we have this search bar so you can also add the search bar and
then we have the shot.
So we will be working up at the shop door on my car and we will be creating e-commerce website then
we will show the shop because we don't have it right now.
So that is why we cannot add them seem like that.
We can also add the sidebar that how we can add to if I just click here sidebar or you can see I can
still like the vivid areas if I just select site Barbizon you can see you'll see that these sidebar
fidgets will appear like here.
This is how they're coming.
OK so now let's hit this.
You can also just make it look like the sidebar.
So if I just come here
and I just increase the size of fit then I can see how they're coming.
If you just make it the full width and then I have to come here to the settings right here and then
I have to go to design the layout and show water separator.
So orientation is great.
So I can align this anywhere OK.
So I'm going to come here and I want to just make it full.
Now let's come here and let's just click this guy right here and we need to add one more.
Let's come here to the regular array here and let's have the full.
So I'm going to go down and then I go down till you find a new one.
So we have this layer player and the last one we have is the social media follow.
You can add them.
These are old so ready to trade for them say two.
I mean it's like the social end for this is the Facebook.
I mean at a link I'm going to link Crais here hash.
Hey And then I'm going to add the background if I want to add the background color.
I can also add the background color.
I'm going to go back I'm going to add a new one and this is going to be the trigger.
So I'm going to go back and get a new one this is going to be Google Plus I'm going to add a new one
and this is going to be
the Pinterest.
I'm going to go back and I'm going to add one more.
So this is going to be the Instagram.
So I'm going to come here to the design right here.
Let's design it so you can go to the spacing right here.
You can go to the border right here you can go to the box châteaux filters and everything.
OK.
And then we go to this guy right here and go to the design and then we can work with the alignment of
there so Fiola if you want to align the center we can also change the text of it.
OK.
We can also change the sizing
spacing and the border and everything like here.
OK I can go to the Condon's Ray here and then I go to the icon and then you can see that I have the
follow Bordin right here.
OK.
So you can also do it like this.
We have the back from Ray here and then we have the admin label so you can pretty we'll manage it like
how you want it to be.
OK if you want to increase the sizing of this you can just add some padding.
OK let's come here to the dark shadow.
And then we have these settings right here so you can see this is how the social media Faldo works.
OK so now what we want to do we want to just click here and now here I want to add one more section
and that will be a regular again.
And I want it to be full with.
Let's go down and here we have the data right here.
So let's add these Dabbs OK.
In these times what you can do.
You can just add it you can add the title boy here.
OK.
And then here would be the conduct.
So let's come here to the Lipscombe feed slash.
OK.
And I want to grab these right here.
So I want to grab this ball.
OK let's copy.
Come here.
Alex pasted right here and now here we can add some two right here.
So this is how it's going to work.
This is an example of that if you want to add one more.
And then here you can add some.
So this is how this is going to work.
Let me add one more.
Let me just skim Here let me get it.
OK.
Now if I just click here you can see how this is coming so if I just click here this one is coming if
I just click here this one is coming.
So this is how you can pretty well manage it that how you want the next step to be.
And you can just edited from this site only.
OK.
So this is how these tab works.
I'm going to click here and I'm going to hit regular right here and I need a full again.
And here we want to work with.
OK so we haven't very good pricing tables right here.
So let's add these pricing tables.
I'm going to click here.
And you can see Deore here.
I'm going to come here and here should be the title to my desk title is going to be
super plan OK.
The subtitle will be subtitle
best for that developer.
And then here would be the currencies from currencies dollar.
And then here is bar.
So if your pricing is subscription based input the subscription payments you'll hear it.
So I just wanted to add the price range here so you can see this is 45 per
OK.
So this is how it is going to go from here to the x ray here.
And this is going to be by now.
OK.
Now here we want to add the context right here.
So in the context we can add pretty well anything.
Now I'm going to come here to the link right here.
And this link is going to be hash.
OK.
What I have to do right now I need to go to the background so I can also manage the background right
here.
I'm going to come here and I am going to just do not show the bullet.
I'm going to copy this and triplicated form one more.
OK.
We have three plans right here.
I'm going to change this plan to be
super duper plan.
Sorry DUPERE plan.
Best for freelancer.
OK.
And here we can also change this to be gorilla plants best for
Goldilocks.
OK.
There we go.
You can see this is how it is looking.
We have the Bino option as well and everything is looking cool Ray here still here.
I'm going to go back.
I'm going to go to the design right here and I'm going to go to the lab.
So we have the feature table background color.
We can also make anything that featured.
Hey I'm going to click here.
This guy right here and I'm going to go to the text right here.
Let's go down and
OK let's just click this guy right here.
OK.
Let's get him here.
Let's go back let's get him here to the elements so OK well I want to I want to go from here to this
guy right here and the bullet if you don't want to shoot the bullet tray here.
OK.
We have to lay out tray.
Here's a feature table back color would be.
So if you want to make any one feature you can also make the feature center item list because we want
to center them.
OK.
And the currency and frequency d'Este.
So you can make it like how you want the frequency to be.
And we have the default currency so you can also change it like if you change it you can see this is
changed to dollar month per month like this.
OK.
And the then we have the price tag.
So we have the index right here.
We have the filters and then we have these free here.
OK I'm going to click here I'm going to come here and I'm going to add a new one so you can also add
on limited how you want it to be.
It would be the link and here would be the backroom.
So let's get to here and let's just delete it
OK.
And if you want to make anyone the bigger so you can also make it bigger so you can make it the feature
plan basically.
OK you just have to come here.
You have to come here to lay out Mark this table feature if you just feature it you can see this is
now like this just like here I can see best for freelancers is basically featured Bonzo.
You can also change this in the full design setting.
You can see the featured pound bag background color can be like this like this or any other that how
you want it to be.
OK.
And then we have the center list item show feature table top shadow.
So you can hide it and show it if you want to.
OK.
This is how it's going to work.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And now in the next video we will be working up bit more because my video is going so big.
So thanks a lot guys.
And in the next video we'll add even more functionalities and I hope that a try to explain every plan
every single plan to you guys.
So goodbye.